README.md, before:

# 👋 Hello there! I'm Tom.

Junior software developer with a background in financial services, a fondness for clean code, and a talent for fixing things that weren't broken until I touched them.

Former mortgage advisor who went from explaining complicated things to confused humans to being the confused human getting explained things by error messages. Tis the circle of life.

---

## 💻 Tech Stack

![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/-JavaScript-F7DF1E?style=flat-square&logo=javascript&logoColor=black)
![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/-React-61DAFB?style=flat-square&logo=react&logoColor=black)
![Node.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Node.js-339933?style=flat-square&logo=nodedotjs&logoColor=white)
![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Python-3776AB?style=flat-square&logo=python&logoColor=white)
![C#](https://img.shields.io/badge/-C%23-239120?style=flat-square&logo=csharp&logoColor=white)
![MongoDB](https://img.shields.io/badge/-MongoDB-47A248?style=flat-square&logo=mongodb&logoColor=white)
![PostgreSQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/-PostgreSQL-336791?style=flat-square&logo=postgresql&logoColor=white)
![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Git-F05032?style=flat-square&logo=git&logoColor=white)

---

## ⚙️ What I'm Currently Working On

Currently building a **mortgage comparison tool** with the MERN stack to simplify complex financial decisions.

---

## 🚀 Featured Projects

### [BeeBook – Social Network Platform](https://github.com/doowmot/beebook)
A Facebook clone built with C# and ASP.NET where I implemented the friend request system.
- **Tech Stack:** C#, ASP.NET, PostgreSQL, NUnit
- **Features:** User authentication, friend requests, news feed
- **Highlights:** Achieved 95% test coverage using TDD approach

### [Airbnb Clone – Property Rental Platform](https://github.com/doowmot/airbnb-clone)
Rental platform with date availability system and user authentication.
- **Tech Stack:** Python, Flask, PostgreSQL, PyTest
- **Features:** Date range selection, user authentication, property listings
- **Highlights:** Delivered core functionality within a one-week sprint

### [CharlieMunger.io – Quote Generator](https://www.charliemunger.io)
A simple quote generator website to honour the timeless wisdom of Charlie Munger. Built independently to practice HTML/CSS/JavaScript and deployment workflows.  
- 🌐 [Live Site](https://www.charliemunger.io) |  📂 [GitHub Repo](https://github.com/doowmot/charlie-munger-quote-generator)

---

## ✍️ Essays

I'm fascinated by AI, the future of work, and how not to get replaced by either. I believe problem-solving skills transcend specific technologies, which is fortunate, because I’ve chosen a career where everything I learn might be obsolete in five years.
- [📘 Coding in the AI Age](https://doowmot.com/ai)  

---

## 📆 Now

- Learning full-stack JavaScript (MERN)
- Building a mortgage comparison tool
- Reading *The Pragmatic Programmer* and *The Mythical Man-Month*
- Applying to junior software roles

---

## 📚 Books That Shaped My Thinking

- [Poor Charlie's Almanack](https://www.google.com/search?q=poor+charlie%27s+almanack+book) – Mental models and multidisciplinary thinking
- [Zero to One](https://www.google.com/search?q=zero+to+one+peter+thiel+book) – First principles thinking, avoiding competition
- [Fooled by Randomness](https://www.google.com/search?q=fooled+by+randomness+nassim+taleb+book) – Understanding probability and risk
- [How to Live](https://www.google.com/search?q=how+to+live+derek+sivers+book) – There are no right answers
- [The School of Life: An Emotional Education](https://www.google.com/search?q=the+school+of+life+an+emotional+education+book) – Emotional intelligence

---

## 🤝 Open to Collaborate

Interested in working on financial tools or projects that make complex systems more accessible? Let's connect!

---

## 🛜 Let's Connect

- 📬 tom@doowmot.com
- 🌐 [doowmot.com](https://www.doowmot.com)
- 📄 [CV](https://doowmot.com/cv.pdf)  
- 📎 [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/doowmot)

---

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://pbs.twimg.com/media/BoUn8iUIgAAq-CU.png" alt="Tom's Programming Journey"/>
</p>

Commit message:

Update now section: amend wording of looking for job roles

README.md, after:

# 👋 Hello there! I'm Tom.

Junior software developer with a background in financial services, a fondness for clean code, and a talent for fixing things that weren't broken until I touched them.

Former mortgage advisor who went from explaining complicated things to confused humans to being the confused human getting explained things by error messages. Tis the circle of life.

---

## 💻 Tech Stack

![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/-JavaScript-F7DF1E?style=flat-square&logo=javascript&logoColor=black)
![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/-React-61DAFB?style=flat-square&logo=react&logoColor=black)
![Node.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Node.js-339933?style=flat-square&logo=nodedotjs&logoColor=white)
![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Python-3776AB?style=flat-square&logo=python&logoColor=white)
![C#](https://img.shields.io/badge/-C%23-239120?style=flat-square&logo=csharp&logoColor=white)
![MongoDB](https://img.shields.io/badge/-MongoDB-47A248?style=flat-square&logo=mongodb&logoColor=white)
![PostgreSQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/-PostgreSQL-336791?style=flat-square&logo=postgresql&logoColor=white)
![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Git-F05032?style=flat-square&logo=git&logoColor=white)

---

## ⚙️ What I'm Currently Working On

Currently building a **mortgage comparison tool** with the MERN stack to simplify complex financial decisions.

---

## 🚀 Featured Projects

### [BeeBook – Social Network Platform](https://github.com/doowmot/beebook)
A Facebook clone built with C# and ASP.NET where I implemented the friend request system.
- **Tech Stack:** C#, ASP.NET, PostgreSQL, NUnit
- **Features:** User authentication, friend requests, news feed
- **Highlights:** Achieved 95% test coverage using TDD approach

### [Airbnb Clone – Property Rental Platform](https://github.com/doowmot/airbnb-clone)
Rental platform with date availability system and user authentication.
- **Tech Stack:** Python, Flask, PostgreSQL, PyTest
- **Features:** Date range selection, user authentication, property listings
- **Highlights:** Delivered core functionality within a one-week sprint

### [CharlieMunger.io – Quote Generator](https://www.charliemunger.io)
A simple quote generator website to honour the timeless wisdom of Charlie Munger. Built independently to practice HTML/CSS/JavaScript and deployment workflows.  
- 🌐 [Live Site](https://www.charliemunger.io) |  📂 [GitHub Repo](https://github.com/doowmot/charlie-munger-quote-generator)

---

## ✍️ Essays

I'm fascinated by AI, the future of work, and how not to get replaced by either. I believe problem-solving skills transcend specific technologies, which is fortunate, because I’ve chosen a career where everything I learn might be obsolete in five years.
- [📘 Coding in the AI Age](https://doowmot.com/ai)  

---

## 📆 Now

- Learning full-stack JavaScript (MERN)
- Building a mortgage comparison tool
- Reading *The Pragmatic Programmer* and *The Mythical Man-Month*
- Looking for junior developer roles that value learning velocity and mentorship

---

## 📚 Books That Shaped My Thinking

- [Poor Charlie's Almanack](https://www.google.com/search?q=poor+charlie%27s+almanack+book) – Mental models and multidisciplinary thinking
- [Zero to One](https://www.google.com/search?q=zero+to+one+peter+thiel+book) – First principles thinking, avoiding competition
- [Fooled by Randomness](https://www.google.com/search?q=fooled+by+randomness+nassim+taleb+book) – Understanding probability and risk
- [How to Live](https://www.google.com/search?q=how+to+live+derek+sivers+book) – There are no right answers
- [The School of Life: An Emotional Education](https://www.google.com/search?q=the+school+of+life+an+emotional+education+book) – Emotional intelligence

---

## 🤝 Open to Collaborate

Interested in working on financial tools or projects that make complex systems more accessible? Let's connect!

---

## 🛜 Let's Connect

- 📬 tom@doowmot.com
- 🌐 [doowmot.com](https://www.doowmot.com)
- 📄 [CV](https://doowmot.com/cv.pdf)  
- 📎 [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/doowmot)

---

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://pbs.twimg.com/media/BoUn8iUIgAAq-CU.png" alt="Tom's Programming Journey"/>
</p>
